Trigger on Git merge (#5244)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/70-Apr-2024/merge-jobs.md

---
title: "New: Merge jobs"
description: "April 2024: Native support now available in dbt Cloud to trigger dbt job runs when Git pull requests merge."
sidebar_label: "New: Merge jobs"
sidebar_position: 07
tags: [Apr-2024]

> date: 2024-04-16

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2024-04-17
```

---

# New: Merge jobs <Lifecycle status="beta" />

> You can now set up a continuous deployment (CD) workflow for your projects natively in dbt Cloud. A beta release of [Merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs), a new [job type](/docs/deploy/jobs), is available that enables you to trigger dbt job runs as soon as changes (via Git pull requests) merge into production. 

Reviewer: Tiny sugg because I read this as a list. 
```suggestion
You can now set up a continuous deployment (CD) workflow for your projects natively in dbt Cloud. You can now access a beta release of [Merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs), which is a new [job type](/docs/deploy/jobs), that enables you to trigger dbt job runs as soon as changes (via Git pull requests) merge into production. 
```
